Update websites_privacy_notice.md (#1956)
mozilla/legal-docs: en/websites_privacy_notice.md

# Websites, Communications & Cookies Privacy Notice

November 1, 2023
{: datetime="2023-11-01" }

> We care about your privacy. When Mozilla (that's us) collects information about you, our [Mozilla Privacy Policy](https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/) describes how we handle that information.

Author: Done, maybe?! Found smart quotes to copy and paste online. Let me know if these are right or if I broke something

> We care about your privacy. When Mozilla (that's us) collects information about you, our [Mozilla Privacy Policy](https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/) describes how we handle that information.

Reviewer: Fixed in https://github.com/mozilla/legal-docs/pull/1956/commits/8ef399dbd32dc690bec3db5062e30fbe588a2ded

> This privacy notice applies to Mozilla operated websites and mobile apps, which include the domains mozillians.org, mozilla.org, and firefox.com, among others. This includes, for example, foundation.mozilla.org, bugzilla.mozilla.org, reps.mozilla.org, careers.mozilla.org, developer.mozilla.org, support.mozilla.org, addons.mozilla.org, and wiki.mozilla.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This privacy notice applies to Mozilla operated websites and mobile apps, which include the domains mozilla.org, and firefox.com, among others. This includes, for example, foundation.mozilla.org, bugzilla.mozilla.org, community.mozilla.org, careers.mozilla.org, people.mozilla.org, developer.mozilla.org, support.mozilla.org, addons.mozilla.org, and wiki.mozilla.org.
```

Maybe not a blocker, but:
* `mozillians.org` was shut down a while ago, it redirects to `people.mozilla.org`. Should we add that to the second list?
* `reps.mozilla.org` (shut down as of last month) redirects to `community.mozilla.org`, which is not listed here.

> * **User Feedback**: You can provide feedback to us on our products and services on webpages like [input.mozilla.org](https://input.mozilla.org/), through an in-product experience, or through channels such as email, Bugzilla, Matrix, a social media account, our Get Involved page, or through a group like Student Ambassadors. Please minimize the personal information you choose to share on these forums because your comments may be accessible to the public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **User Feedback**: You can provide feedback to us on our products and services on webpages like [connect.mozilla.org](https://connect.mozilla.org/), through an in-product experience, or through channels such as email, Bugzilla, Matrix, a social media account, our Get Involved page. Please minimize the personal information you choose to share on these forums because your comments may be accessible to the public.
```

https://input.mozilla.org/ is long gone and replaced by connect.mozilla.org
Student Ambassadors was shut down a long time ago as well.

> * **Accounts & Subscriptions**: Some websites, for example [Add-Ons for Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/), [Relay](https://relay.firefox.com/), [Monitor](https://monitor.firefox.com/), and [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/), require account creation. For account management we use [Mozilla accounts](https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/mozilla-accounts/), [GitHub](https://help.github.com/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement#our-use-of-cookies-and-tracking), or custom systems; [learn more](https://support.mozilla.org/kb/managing-account-data) about how to manage your Mozilla account data. You may periodically receive emails in connection with your account or through subscriptions. Our email management vendors are [SalesForce Marketing Cloud](https://www.marketingcloud.com/privacy-policy/website-privacy-statement/), [Amazon Simple Email Service](https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/), [Mailchimp](https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/), [SocketLabs](https://www.socketlabs.com/legal/service-privacy/), [Campaign Monitor](https://meetmarigold.com/privacy-notices) or [Acoustic](https://acoustic.com/privacy-notice/), and you can unsubscribe using the link at the bottom of the relevant email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Accounts & Subscriptions**: Some websites, for example [Add-Ons for Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/), [Relay](https://relay.firefox.com/), [Monitor](https://monitor.firefox.com/), and [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/), require account creation. For account management we use [Mozilla accounts](https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/mozilla-accounts/), [GitHub](https://support.github.com/#our-use-of-cookies-and-tracking), or custom systems; [learn more](https://support.mozilla.org/kb/managing-account-data) about how to manage your Mozilla account data. You may periodically receive emails in connection with your account or through subscriptions. Our email management vendors are [SalesForce Marketing Cloud](https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/), [Amazon Simple Email Service](https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/), [Mailchimp](https://www.intuit.com/privacy/statement/), [SocketLabs](https://www.socketlabs.com/legal/service-privacy/), [Campaign Monitor](https://meetmarigold.com/privacy-notices) or [Acoustic](https://acoustic.com/privacy-notice/), and you can unsubscribe using the link at the bottom of the relevant email.
```

A few of these links redirect (GitHub, Salesforce, MailChimp). Worth updating them?

{: #data-tools }

* **Functionality**: We may use information such as cookies, device information, and IP addresses to enhance functionality of certain products, services, and communications. For example:

>     * We use cookies to remember information about your settings (such as language preference), and so that we can recommend relevant features and Add-ons to you based on your settings. They also assist with user sign-in and authentication so you can bypass re-entering your passwords on certain Mozilla websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * We use cookies to remember information about your settings (such as language preference), and so that we can recommend relevant features and add-ons to you based on your settings. They also assist with user sign-in and authentication so you can bypass re-entering your passwords on certain Mozilla websites.
```

No point in add-ons being uppercase.

* **Cookie History**: You can accept or decline individual cookies in your preferences in the Tools/Options/Privacy history section. Note that certain features of our products and services may not function properly without the aid of cookies. 
{: #cookies }

* **Do Not Track**: Mozilla does not track users across third party websites to provide targeted advertising. In addition, if you have configured your browser to send a “Do Not Track” signal when accessing our websites, Mozilla will not utilize any of the tools described in the [Metrics](https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/websites/#data-tools) section.

* **Email**: Our marketing communications are optional to receive and you can unsubscribe from the footer of the email or by updating your [Mozilla email preferences](https://www.mozilla.org/newsletter/recovery/), or for Thunderbird’s newsletter, on the [Thunderbird website](https://www.thunderbird.net/en-US/newsletter/).  

* **Analytics & Optimization**: Follow the instructions below to prevent data collection about your visits to Mozilla websites:
    * Mozilla first-party tools: [Opt out on www.mozilla.org](https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/websites/data-preferences/).

>     * Google: Install the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout), which prohibits data transmission to Google Analytics. Some Mozilla.org pages use clear GIFs which communicate with DoubleClick to understand the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns; you can control personalized ads from DoubleClick in Google's ad settings (you will be prompted to sign into your Google Account).

Reviewer 2: @jejohnsonmoz 
- Smart quote in `Google's ad settings`
- Google account (lower case `a`)?

Author: Changed to lower case a. Couldn't find the right smart quote for an apostrophe.

> You can control individual cookie preferences, indicate your cookie preferences to others, and opt-out of web analytics and optimization tools. 

Author: Done

{: #user-choices }

* **Cookie History**: You can accept or decline individual cookies in your preferences in the Tools/Options/Privacy history section. Note that certain features of our products and services may not function properly without the aid of cookies. 
{: #cookies }

* **Do Not Track**: Mozilla does not track users across third party websites to provide targeted advertising. In addition, if you have configured your browser to send a “Do Not Track” signal when accessing our websites, Mozilla will not utilize any of the tools described in the [Metrics](https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/websites/#data-tools) section.

> * **Email**: Our marketing communications are optional to receive and you can unsubscribe from the footer of the email or by updating your [Mozilla email preferences](https://www.mozilla.org/newsletter/recovery/), or for Thunderbird’s newsletter, on the [Thunderbird website](https://www.thunderbird.net/en-US/newsletter/).  

Reviewer 2: Remove `en-US` in the link?

Author: Done - sorry I missed it on the last pass

* **Analytics & Optimization**: Follow the instructions below to prevent data collection about your visits to Mozilla websites:

>     * Mozilla first-party tools: [Opt-out on www.mozilla.org](https://www.mozilla.org/privacy/websites/data-preferences/).

Author: Done

    * Google: Install the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout), which prohibits data transmission to Google Analytics. Some Mozilla.org pages use clear GIFs which communicate with DoubleClick to understand the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns; you can control personalized ads from DoubleClick in Google's ad settings (you will be prompted to sign into your Google Account).

>     * Convert.com: [Opt-out on www.mozilla.org](https://www.mozilla.org/exp/opt-out/).

Author: Changed opt out. Where is the smart quote needed here?

>     * Convert.com: [Opt-out on www.mozilla.org](https://www.mozilla.org/exp/opt-out/).

Reviewer 2: > Changed opt out. Where is the smart quote needed here?

This one is good. I realized the comment was for the line above. Let me add to that.

    * ShareProgress and Fathom.com: You can [turn on Do Not Track in your browser](https://support.mozilla.org/kb/how-do-i-turn-do-not-track-feature).

* **Social Media**: The social sharing buttons on Mozilla websites are designed not to share data with the applicable social media provider until you specifically click the relevant social media icon.

---------------------------------------

> Some Mozilla websites allow you to make purchases (such as apps or gear), contribute funds to specific Mozilla projects, or make donations in support of Mozilla public and charitable programs. These transactions are often handled by Mozilla’s third party vendors.  

Author: Done
